add ds integrations (#963)
microsoft/DeepSpeed: docs/_tutorials/getting-started.md

* Please see our [Azure tutorial](/tutorials/azure/) to get started with DeepSpeed on Azure!
* To get started with DeepSpeed on AzureML, please see the [AzureML Examples GitHub](https://github.com/Azure/azureml-examples/tree/main/workflows/train/deepspeed)
* If you're not on Azure, we recommend using our docker image via `docker pull deepspeed/deepspeed:latest` which contains a pre-installed version of DeepSpeed and all the necessary dependencies.

> * Deepspeed has direct integrations with Hugging Face and PyTorch Lightiging. Hugging Face users can now easily accelerate their models with DeepSpeed through a simple --deepspeed flag + config file [See more details](https://huggingface.co/transformers/main_classes/trainer.html#deepspeed). PyTorch Lightning provides easy access to DeepSpeed through the Lightning Trainer [See more details](https://pytorch-lightning.readthedocs.io/en/stable/advanced/multi_gpu.html?highlight=deepspeed#deepspeed).

Reviewer: Thanks for this!! Some small suggestions :)

```suggestion
* DeepSpeed has direct integrations with [HuggingFace Transformers](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers) and [PyTorch Lightning](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pulls). HuggingFace Transformers users can now easily accelerate their models with DeepSpeed through a simple ``--deepspeed`` flag + config file [See more details](https://huggingface.co/transformers/main_classes/trainer.html#deepspeed). PyTorch Lightning provides easy access to DeepSpeed through the Lightning Trainer [See more details](https://pytorch-lightning.readthedocs.io/en/stable/advanced/multi_gpu.html?highlight=deepspeed#deepspeed).
```
